Add CEL Expression to restrict GitRepo volume usage (#45501)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/volumes.md

The `gitRepo` volume type is deprecated. To provision a container with a git repo, mount an

> [EmptyDir](#emptydir) into an InitContainer that clones the repo using git, then mount the

Reviewer: You might also want to make this change:
```suggestion
[`emptyDir`](#emptydir) volume into an [init container](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/) that
clones the repo using Git, then mount the
```

:thought_balloon: Another option is to use a sidecar that remains running, for example with
https://github.com/kubernetes/git-sync

[EmptyDir](#emptydir) into the Pod's container.

---

> You can restrict the use of `gitRepo` volumes in your cluster using [policies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/) like [ValidatingAdmissionPolicy](docs/reference/access-authn-authz/validating-admission-policy/). For example, following Common Expression Language (CEL) expression can be used to restrict pods that uses `gitRepo` volumes: `has(object.spec.volumes) && !object.spec.volumes.exists(v, has(v.gitRepo))`.

Author: Thanks for the review @sftim :) took the expression from here, will add test results above too as reference - https://github.com/jpbetz/kubecon/blob/61e1432f810697be20231861b34f55fe9fabd488/2023/eu/ban-deprecated-gitrepo.yaml

{{< /warning >}}

> A `gitRepo` volume is an example of a volume plugin. This plugin

Reviewer: “example” might not be the right term given the extra strength we're putting onto this warning.

Author: Does the following note reads better? 

"You can use the following Common Expression Language (CEL) expression as
part of a policy to reject use of `gitRepo` volumes:"

Author: Updated the wording and also added sample error message in the description above. Thank you for your suggestions @sftim :)
